           Experienced professional careers | PwC Canada     













  

  

















Experienced professional careers




Bring your experiences. Grow your skills. Thrive in work. Join our community of solvers to apply your expertise in new and unexpected ways.Be a part of The New Equation








































Learn about our application process




Gain insights into the application, recruitment, and new hire process for experienced professionals:





Learn more


















Explore our business areas




These are the areas where our community of solvers come together to deliver outcomes that make a positive and enduring impact right across the value chain. 



























Canada Acceleration Centre





Our Canada Acceleration Centre (CAC) is an extension of our Canadian engagement teams. Our professionals use the latest technologies, leading processes and best practices to deliver high-quality tax, assurance and consulting services to our clients.






Learn more


























Assurance




Our Assurance professionals work closely with public and private companies to build trust, help solve business issues faced by management and boards, differentiating an audit and the value it brings.





See open roles


























Consulting




Our Consulting professionals deliver sustained outcomes that help our clients achieve their objectives to gain advantage and turn their vision into a reality.





See open roles


























Deals




Our Deals professionals work alongside our clients before, during and after a deal, delivering sustained outcomes and insights they need to create value and execute deals faster, on more favourable terms, while reducing business disruption and risk. 





See open roles


























Internal Firm Services




Our Internal Firm Services (IFS) professionals deliver sustained outcomes, provide strategic and creative services and solutions to internal clients in the areas of Administrative Services, Human Capital, Information Technology, Finance, Marketing, Communications & Sales, Facilities and Operations, Security, Legal and Risk Management.





See open roles


























Tax




Our Tax professionals help clients to build trust and revolutionize their Tax function by unlocking ideas with impact that explore new opportunities for delivering enhanced insights and long-term business value.





See open roles


























Technology




Our Technology professionals help our clients, and Internal Firm Services, explore how they can harness technology and improve their business.  We help our clients recognize the transformative nature of technology to deliver sustained outcomes and create value.





Learn more


















Join our Talent Community




Our Talent Community is the first place we look for candidates when jobs open and a great way to stay connected, learn more about PwC Canada, career opportunities and events that interest you.



























Join our experienced professional Talent Community 
























Explore careers for experienced professionals 
























We are a community of solvers combining human inguenity, experience and technology innovation to deliver sustained outcomes and build trust.





See how The New Equation can solve for you






En voir plus















We are a community of solvers combining human ingenuity, experience and technology innovation to deliver sustained outcomes and build trust.It all adds up to The New Equation.




Trouvez la solution dans la Nouvelle équation.





See how The New Equation can solve for you 
























 

  19621563aac84956a6c7a851086164d5
